The Lord Eight Dragon Generals 36 Dharma Protectors 72 Straight Scholars You are a Straight Scholar
Only at the bottom of the Dragon Palace
Haha, you haven't seen it.
I don't blame hahaha
I, Chen Beiliu, have been in Qingzhou for decades
I've seen a lot of crazy people.
But don't take the matter of the Dragon Palace seriously
You are the first
If I look into it
Isn't it missing him?
Well, you said he was right.
It's just at the bottom of the Dragon Palace
But that is also the power of the Nine Heavens Dragon Palm Red
The cornerstone of Zhengguo Fangjiang
It's beyond human reach.
Huh?
If you want to become a straight dragon
Two conditions must be met
This first asset must be over 100
Worth hundreds of billions
Second, it must be recommended by a high-ranking person
The current governor of Qinzhou, Nyingchi Chau
Is my brother who passed away
It was on his recommendation
I just became from Qinzhou
The first man of the Dragon Palace in a hundred years
Dad?
Why do you waste so many lips with a loser?
What's with the tongue?
His level is too low, he probably doesn't understand
It turns out that Nyingchi Chau is you
The sword-bearer, the Governor of Qingzhou
It sucks.
Make Chen Jiao famous from the Dragon Palace within three minutes
I'll give you ten minutes for Lin Zhizhou to roll in front of me
One second later, the Governor of Qingzhou called someone